well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so let me start off by saying that
if somebody has sent you this video
watch the whole thing if somebody
tweeted it to you send it to you over
social media put it on their feed in
hopes that you may see it so they don't
have to have a confrontation watch the
whole thing if this feels like it's
directed to you it probably is this
video is being made because I am so
tired of getting messages from your kids
in most cases asking how to reach out to
you I get at least two messages a week
that can be summed up with news outlet X
has torn my family apart I don't even
know my uncle father mother grandfather
anymore they've fallen down this echo
chamber it's a very common thing and
it's going to become more intense the
closer we get to the election because
the president did not get a majority of
votes until you reach age 50 and older
it is in the interests of outlets that
are political in nature that have a
political bias that support the
President to drive a wedge between you
and your family they're not looking at
it that way they're looking at it as
appealing to their demographic and
playing up the generation gap so that
they can secure those voters for the
president
stop consuming that information for 28
days just stop
you know the outlets I'm talking about
those that provide two minutes of
description of an event and then 15
minutes of commentary to make sure that
you think the right way about it those
that will ask rhetorical questions in a
leading manner to get you to believe
something that may or may not be true
those outlets that maybe they can't even
call themselves news in some countries
we've hit the point in the United States
where people believe that their opinion
is as good as a fact and it's not it
isn't this habit that is forming is
literally destroying American families
which is funny coming from the Family
Values party it's happening now I'm not
saying go watch CNN you know I get it
Clinton news network and all of that I
understand that's fine Reuters AP stuff
like that don't like them go to some
NGOs go to some non-government
organizations if you want to keep up on
international news Human Rights Watch is
a really good one yeah it's all framed
through examination of human rights
issues however the background they
provide on current events is fantastic
stearic let me even use the BBC fine
give you something right
can't go cold turkey even use the BBC
but drop the rest of it just for 28 days
and see if things don't change if you
don't look at the world in a different
way if you're not constantly angry if
you're not just filled with with rage at
people you've never met and who have
done nothing to you
and I know why only watch those outlets
because they're the ones that tell the
truth they're the only ones that tell
the truth anybody who claims to have a
monopoly on the truth is a conman you're
destroying your families for the sake of
some body who reveled in the fact that
he was supported by the uneducated
eventually this president will leave
office but all of the damage that he's
done on the national level in the
international level that you don't get
to hear about because you're in those
echo chambers and the damage he's done
to your family it's still gonna be there
I would love to go a week without
getting a message like that because it
is horrifying and I would suggest that
it is way more than just the normal the
normal shift that occurs between
generations the younger generations are
always more liberal you or more liberal
than your parents more than likely they
embrace new ideas faster the problem is
a lot of the demographics that are
watching these channels and consuming
these outlets they're not staying put
with their ideas they're going backwards
so that gap widens you you need to make
a choice about what's more important to
you your family or red hat less stupid
slogan anyway it's just a thought y'all
have a good day